# Progressive Square

## Problem Description

A progressive square of size $ n $ is an $ n \times n $ matrix. Maxim chooses three integers $ a_{1,1} $ , $ c $ , and $ d $ and constructs a progressive square according to the following rules:

 $ $$$a_{i+1,j} = a_{i,j} + c $ $ </p><p> $ $ a_{i,j+1} = a_{i,j} + d $ $ </p><p>For example, if  $ n = 3 $ ,  $ a\_{1,1} = 1 $ ,  $ c=2 $ , and  $ d=3 $ , then the <span class="tex-font-style-it">progressive square</span> looks as follows:</p><p> $ $  \begin{pmatrix} 1 & 4 & 7 \\ 3 & 6 & 9 \\ 5 & 8 & 11 \end{pmatrix}  $ $ </p><p>Last month Maxim constructed a <span class="tex-font-style-it">progressive square</span> and remembered the values of  $ n $ ,  $ c $ , and  $ d $ . Recently, he found an array  $ b $  of  $ n^2 $  integers in random order and wants to make sure that these elements are the elements of <span class="tex-font-style-bf">that specific</span> square.</p><p>It can be shown that for any values of  $ n $ ,  $ a\_{1,1} $ ,  $ c $ , and  $ d$$$, there exists exactly one progressive square that satisfies all the rules.

## Input Format

The first line contains an integer $ t $ ( $ 1 \le t \le {10} ^ 4 $ ) — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains three integers $ n $ , $ c $ , and $ d $ ( $ 2 \le n \le 500 $ , $ 1 \le c, d \le 10^6 $ ) — the size of the square and the values of $ c $ and $ d $ as described in the statement.

The second line of each test case contains $ n \cdot n $ integers $ b_1, b_2, \dots, b_{n \cdot n} $ ( $ 1 \le b_i \le 10^9 $ ) — the elements found by Maxim.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $ n ^ 2 $ over all test cases does not exceed $ 25 \cdot {10} ^ 4 $ .

## Output Format

For each test case, output "YES" in a separate line if a progressive square for the given $ n $ , $ c $ , and $ d $ can be constructed from the array elements $ a $ , otherwise output "NO".

You can output each letter in any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be accepted as a positive answer.

## Sample #1

### Sample Input #1

```
5
3 2 3
3 9 6 5 7 1 10 4 8
3 2 3
3 9 6 5 7 1 11 4 8
2 100 100
400 300 400 500
3 2 3
3 9 6 6 5 1 11 4 8
4 4 4
15 27 7 19 23 23 11 15 7 3 19 23 11 15 11 15
```

### Sample Output #1

```
NO
YES
YES
NO
NO
```

## Limit



Time Limit
2.00s

Memory Limit
250.00MB