# Zimpha Fan Club

## Problem Description

One day, Zimpha casually came up with a problem. As a member of "Zimpha fan club", you decided to solve that problem.

You are given two strings $ s $ and $ t $ of length $ n $ and $ m $ , respectively. Both strings only consist of lowercase English letters, - and \*.

You need to replace all occurrences of \* and -, observing the following rules:

- For each -, you must replace it with any lowercase English letter.
- For each \*, you must replace it with a string of any (possibly, zero) length which only consists of lowercase English letters.

Note that you can replace two different instances of - with different characters. You can also replace each two different instances of \* with different strings.

Suppose $ s $ and $ t $ have been transformed into $ s' $ and $ t' $ . Now you're wondering if there's a replacement that makes $ s'=t' $ .

## Input Format

The first line of input contains two integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 1 \leq n, m \leq 2 \cdot 10^6 $ ) — the length of the strings $ s $ and $ t $ , respectively.

The second line contains the string $ s $ of length $ n $ . It is guaranteed that $ s $ only consists of lowercase English letters, - and \*.

The third line contains the string $ t $ of length $ m $ . It is guaranteed that $ t $ only consists of lowercase English letters, - and \*.

## Output Format

For each test case, output "Yes" if there is a replacement that makes $ s'=t' $ , and output "No" otherwise.

You can output "Yes" and "No" in any case (for example, strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes" and "YES" will be recognized as a positive response).

## Sample #1

### Sample Input #1

```
10 10
justmonika
j-stsayori
```

### Sample Output #1

```
No
```

## Sample #2

### Sample Input #2

```
7 8
ttk-wxx
*tt-l-xx
```

### Sample Output #2

```
Yes
```

## Sample #3

### Sample Input #3

```
13 11
asoulwangziji
-soulg*z-y-
```

### Sample Output #3

```
No
```

## Sample #4

### Sample Input #4

```
7 3
abc*cba
a*c
```

### Sample Output #4

```
No
```

## Sample #5

### Sample Input #5

```
20 18
bulijiojio-dibuliduo
*li*ji-*ox*i*-du*-
```

### Sample Output #5

```
Yes
```

## Hint

In the second test case, we can transform both strings into ttklwxx. In $ s $ , - will be replaced with l. In $ t $ , \* will be replaced by the empty string with the first and second - will be replaced with k and w respectively.

In the fifth test case, we can transform both strings into bulijiojioxdibuliduo.

## Limit



Time Limit
12.00s

Memory Limit
500.00MB