# Scrambled Scrabble

## Problem Description

You are playing a word game using a standard set of $ 26 $ uppercase English letters: A — Z. In this game, you can form vowels and consonants as follows.

- The letters A, E, I, O, and U can only form a vowel.
- The letter Y can form either a vowel or a consonant.
- Each of the remaining letters other than A, E, I, O, U, and Y can only form a consonant.
- The string NG can form a single consonant when concatenated together.

Denote a syllable as a concatenation of a consonant, a vowel, and a consonant in that order. A word is a concatenation of one or more syllables.

You are given a string $ S $ and you want to create a word from it. You are allowed to delete zero or more letters from $ S $ and rearrange the remaining letters to form the word. Find the length of the longest word that can be created, or determine if no words can be created.

## Input Format

A single line consisting of a string $ S $ ( $ 1 \leq |S| \leq 5000 $ ). The string $ S $ consists of only uppercase English letters.

## Output Format

If a word cannot be created, output 0. Otherwise, output a single integer representing the length of longest word that can be created.

## Sample #1

### Sample Input #1

```
ICPCJAKARTA
```

### Sample Output #1

```
9
```

## Sample #2

### Sample Input #2

```
NGENG
```

### Sample Output #2

```
5
```

## Sample #3

### Sample Input #3

```
YYY
```

### Sample Output #3

```
3
```

## Sample #4

### Sample Input #4

```
DANGAN
```

### Sample Output #4

```
6
```

## Sample #5

### Sample Input #5

```
AEIOUY
```

### Sample Output #5

```
0
```

## Hint

Explanation for the sample input/output #1

A possible longest word is JAKCARTAP, consisting of the syllables JAK, CAR, and TAP.

Explanation for the sample input/output #2

The whole string $ S $ is a word consisting of one syllable which is the concatenation of the consonant NG, the vowel E, and the consonant NG.

Explanation for the sample input/output #3

The whole string $ S $ is a word consisting of one syllable which is the concatenation of the consonant Y, the vowel Y, and the consonant Y.

Explanation for the sample input/output #4

The whole string $ S $ is a word consisting of two syllables: DAN and GAN.

## Limit



Time Limit
1.00s

Memory Limit
1000.00MB